hello everyone and welcome to
the Stellar open protocol discussion for
june 17
2021 so this meeting like all these
meetings it's a part of the process for
making changes to the Stellar protocol
and we live stream these meetings so
that anyone interested can follow along
in these meetings we go over caps or
core advancement proposals
these are open source specs
that describe new features that are
designed to evolve the protocol to meet
ecosystem needs
and before we start i do want to point
and before we start I do want to point
out that this is a technical discussion
a very technical discussion
so you may want to review the caps we're
about to go over and the recent
developer mailing list threads about
them
both of which are linked to in the event
description before we dive in i also
description before we dive in I also
want to give a quick
process overview so to allow for
discussion and feedback collection and
vetting
each cap goes through a specific life
cycle right it's proposed it's drafted
then it's discussed on the Stellar debt
mailing list again there's a link to
that mailing list in the event
description so if you're interested you
should join it
based on the feedback that comes in a
draft is then revised and re-evaluated
when that process is complete it's put
to the cap committee who decides whether
or not to accept it
now after a cap committee vote the cap
enters into a one-week final comment
period which gives everyone a last
chance to raise questions
also on the Stellar dev mailing list and
if the cat makes it through that final
comment period
it's implemented in a major Stellar core
release then there's still
one final step before it hits the
network validators vote on whether or
not to upgrade the network to a new
version of the protocol
thereby accepting or rejecting the
change so ultimately
at the end of the process the network
decides on major protocol changes
now at the moment there are two similar
proposals on the table
cap 37 and cap38 both proposals aim to
improve
overall network liquidity by introducing
automated market makers
at the protocol level so there's general
agreement that amns
which allow for the creation of
liquidity pools are a simple way to
attract capital
and enable high volumes of trading and
that introducing them to the protocol
would have great benefits for the
network right
it leads better liquidity which means
better exchange which means better cross
currency payments
but while the proposals have the same
fundamental goal and actually a lot in
common besides that
there are a few implementation
differences between them
the big one it has to do with order
routing right cap 37
it suggests interleaving amms for the
built-in order books that make up
Stellar's decentralized exchange
also known as the dex so in cap 37 a buy
or sell order can execute in part
against an
a m and in part against the decks
basically pulls from each to piece
together the best overall rate
so that's interleaved order rally cap 38
on the other hand takes a best venue
approach
right an order fully executes against
one or the other either
fully against an amm or fully against
the decks whichever one provides the
best
overall rate so that's best venue ready
there's already been a lot of discussion
about both approaches and it's mostly
happened on the Stellar debt mailing
list
today we've arrived at a point where we
kind of need to start figuring out
our path forward so cap 38 has had
more revisions of late than cap 37 so
it's a little bit further along but
let's imagine that cap 37 was brought to
parity so it dealt with
the issues that cat38 deals with things
like authorization
which approach would we choose and why
that's where we're starting today
and I'm gonna open it up for
discussion and also if i got any of that
discussion and also if I got any of that
wrong
please say so because i want to make
please say so because I want to make
sure that we're representing this
correctly
so who wants to start
maybe i can't stop given that i was the
maybe I can't stop given that I was the
last to talk i think on that mainly on
last to talk I think on that mainly on
the dev mailing list
so that people can take it from there
so i think yeah like we had like a
so I think yeah like we had like a
a good exchange i think with marcus
a good exchange I think with marcus
on the on that mainly so it's like
the
i think it we we reached a point i think
I think it we we reached a point I think
in that thread
where we are
basically thinking about yeah capital e7
as a as something that can be done on
top of capital e8
and i think as if as a framework i think
and I think as if as a framework I think
where we ended up
is really thinking about it as okay like
there are like some potential concerns
there
but like are we
are they like are those concerns
strong enough that they would be
basically deal breakers for
not doing like just capital eight
so like the main concerns concern i had
so like the main concerns concern I had
in that in that thread was and actually
like
as we've been moving along capital e
the this became true the
cap create at this point is the longest
cap we ever
wrote it's it's actually quite
complicated it has many
many things in there like and i
didn't actually anticipate that we had
so much complexity
like up front i thought the hard
like up front I thought the hard
stuff was going to be around
the the arithmetic like the
fixed point math you know that we had
experience with before
with the decks and this turned out
to be bad too but
yeah basically much many other things
going on there
and yeah so where we
where we are right now at with the with
this thread
is
it looks like there are no like
like deal breakers right like the
like the the things for example
interleaving okay interleaving is better
like i think nobody
like I think nobody
disagrees with that but can we not
having intelligence so doing best venue
is that
like is that something that maybe
even though it's
not optimal is that good enough to get
us
how to get this amm solution out the
door
quicker i think there was like a
quicker I think there was like a
a potentially other thing that was the
this one we didn't even talk about
because this one is really like a very
different
like a big departure basically from
from how even
existing mms in other
like in other systems like unisop for
example
like the dynamic fee topic that is in
capital e7
this is another kind of ones in a way
like in terms of complexity that i
i don't think is necessary like to
I don't think is necessary like to
to get a first version out both are
interesting but i i think the
interesting but I think the
where we are right now is it looks like
those are should be considered
like at at a later point given
that they're not strictly necessary
for for a first version
i keep repeating myself I'm sorry so i
I keep repeating myself I'm sorry so i
mean
i feel like part of what you're saying
I feel like part of what you're saying
is cap 38 which is already fairly
complex
is simpler than cap 37 that some of the
things the features essentially that
cap37 suggests could be
added later is that correct that was
always the the approach we are trying to
do capital eight during the
minimal set of things we could do to get
emm's out and then the question the
tension is already
always is that something that's actually
shippable or
do we are we going to run into something
that makes it basically non-viable like
so for example the
i think one of the concerns around are
I think one of the concerns around are
we going to
cause the network to grind to a halt
let's say
because we have so much arbitrage or
like the markets become so
inefficient that that things are just
unusable like those i think we're
unusable like those I think we're
we're raised on the
on the mailing list
and i think at this point it's just like
and I think at this point it's just like
we don't we don't know
yeah and i think yeah maybe yeah
yeah and I think yeah maybe yeah
i i would say like i think i don't i
I I would say like I think I don't i
haven't heard a disagreement for
you know cap 38 being on the path to
cap 37 as in like we would
basically have to implement cap 38
before we implement cap37 anyway and so
that
the really the question is just like
does it make sense to go all the way to
37 or can we release 38 in the meantime
and that really the only arguments i've
seen for releasing
for going all the way to 37
are that the arbitrage thing that nicola
just mentioned
and then also the fact that that that
the
you essentially need a new ui to
interact with cap 37 where you kind of
don't
interact interact with cap 38 or sorry
you need a new ui to interact with cap
38 but not really in the ui
act with cap 37 because basically cap
38 really only supports path payments to
to take these
liquidity offers and that they aren't
really patterns aren't really well
supported in the ecosystem i don't think
supported in the ecosystem I don't think
i mean definitely not like Stellar acts
I mean definitely not like Stellar acts
and things like that so
but yeah so just basically so really the
question here is
is the the danger of arbitrage and and
the
kind of the burden of having people like
change their uis is that great enough
to warrant core going all the way to cap
and like i said on the mailing list i
and like I said on the mailing list i
think the arbitrage thing is
better addressed in a different way
because we're going to have arbitrage
even in cap 37 world and
i think the ui thing is unfortunate but
I think the ui thing is unfortunate but
it just seems way better to get this
out earlier and then we can proceed to
work on
some some like more cohesive ui
like later basically if it seems
worth it so
yeah but i don't know if anyone
yeah but I don't know if anyone
disagrees like like
does anyone actually disagree here so
i mean i i guess the question that i
I mean I guess the question that i
have is so
i understand that a ui that that's
I understand that a ui that that's
something that can be solved later
i i and i guess my question is about
I and I guess my question is about
arbitrage
it seems like the risk with going with
cap 38
is that it would open up new
possibilities for arbitrage
and your argument that you made on the
mailing list jed
is that there's a there are better it's
better to deal with that as a separate
issue
but i guess what the the the question
but I guess what the the the question
is
is there a way to actually understand
the the arabic the risk that arbitrage
poses
is it is it a real risk right is
there a risk that implementing cat 38
would create so many arbitrage
opportunities that would have an effect
on the network
or do we feel like that's not
actually something to to worry about in
the short term
with cat38 and and basically why
i can take that jet if you want oh
I can take that jet if you want oh
like i i think there are like two type
like I think there are like two type
of problems right with that comes with
arbitrage one is
is like actually having
this being a inefficient market but
arbitrage is correcting that so in a way
maybe it doesn't matter like it just
makes
the it creates those weird like
change in price on certain pairs but you
know at the end of the day like those
the mms end up being
balanced correctly so it's not that i
think that's
not so much of a of a problem maybe
there's like the
yeah like you have a larger spread in
a way like
for for like a little bit like things
like that
i think the one of the main concerns
I think the one of the main concerns
i think came from more like the the
I think came from more like the the
the amount of traffic that potentially
gets generated by this
by more arbitrage activity
so for for example more recently we
had like a lot of
relativity for example on the market
like in crypto in general like what
what was it like maybe a month ago or
something like that well it was like
crazy and and when
when was when this was happening we had
actually
a lot of of ledgers on the network
that were
with a lot of failed transactions
and i think that could be the type of
and I think that could be the type of
things that happens
more more often if we have like
this discrepancy between the decks and
and amms
the the reality is that with the work
that we did in the last year
this type of so the impact on the
network
is is actually
kind of not that bad i mean it's it
kind of not that bad I mean it's it
doesn't
like a year like the same question a
year ago would have been okay if we have
like this type of
arbitrage spikes and whatnot we were
actually seeing
like certain ledgers being impacted
like
like sometimes we had like delays of
like 10 seconds 15 seconds on ledgers
like
this was not acceptable so we we we
found ways to fix that
but we had a good stress test i guess
but we had a good stress test I guess
so yeah like
like less months and you know like or
like a
a good what was it like a good month i
think like in april basically
and yeah the network was fine the
annoying thing is that we have
dancering systems have all the straight
transactions
and and that i think we have to
and and that I think we have to
to be mindful of that i think that's
to be mindful of that I think that's
kind of the the thing for me that is
where this is potentially annoying
but that's something that we can
improve of our time i think it's like
improve of our time I think it's like
for example horizon right now
there's quite a bit of overhead even
for failed transactions
i think we can probably do a quite a
I think we can probably do a quite a
bit better
and we have also similar ideas with
in core i think we have to deal with
in core I think we have to deal with
that regardless because we have like
some
historical data already with a bunch of
failed transactions and i think when
failed transactions and I think when
people want to
rebuild historical data
i mean like the meta for example based
I mean like the meta for example based
on those old ledgers i think we want to
on those old ledgers I think we want to
be
to do that efficiently so i think we
to do that efficiently so I think we
will find ways to
to make this better overall yeah to me
it seems like it's
it like if arbitrage goes up a lot yeah
certainly it'll certainly be a nuisance
but it doesn't seem like it there's a
way for it to really be catastrophic i
mean there's lots of
you know guardrails and checks in
the network already that that
that would prevent it from doing that
but yeah like things like
catching up to the network or running
horizon could potentially be like
more load than you would we would want
so i think we should deal with arbitrage
so I think we should deal with arbitrage
I'm not convinced it'll like like i said
I'm not convinced it'll like like I said
in the 90s I'm not convinced that going
to 38 will
greatly increase arbitrage unless it
just greatly increases the number of
people using the network right which is
we want right so
but yeah but it doesn't seem like
something that we have to fix before we
release 38 is my point like
i think we can release it and if
I think we can release it and if
arbitrage goes up then then we'll
certainly address it we need to address
our arbitrage regardless so we should be
working on that kind of in parallel
it's kind of my thoughts i mean just
it's kind of my thoughts I mean just
kind of for the record you know i know
kind of for the record you know I know
this isn't on the table so my
my preference in all this you know i
think the the
the the real priority is to not
let the the perfect be the enemy of the
good in this project so what i would you
good in this project so what I would you
know my ideal solution
for an amm would be you know as fast to
deploy to implement a deploy as possible
and it's easy to kind of upgrade or back
out you know when we decide we want to
do something better and so
from my point of view both cap 37 and
cap 38 are a little bit too linked with
the
with the order bike i mean i've talked
with the order bike I mean i've talked
to some of you privately
you know my ideal world it would just be
like completely separate set of
operations and order book it would be
even a separate phase of like a
transaction processing so
I'm not seriously putting this on the
table
except to point out the fact that
there's two ways to reduce arbitrage
one is to make the arbitrage
expensive because there's a fee and
the other is to make it not risk free
right so if you know if you did have a
separate kind of transaction to take
advantage of the mm
and you couldn't take advantage of the
order book in the same transaction
then there would at least be some risk
that like you would buy something and
not be able to offload it
the way you thought you were going to
be able to offload it
so well i think that you know sort of
so well I think that you know sort of
where where we're headed is
something that's like a bit more
integrated with like
you know that works with legacy
transactions
you know if we really are concerned
about
arbitrage we should also consider
the ability just to make it not not
risk-free to kind of
not allow the things to happen in the in
the same transaction
i think that
that can you guys can people see me hear
me
okay yeah it was just a weird like
silence
yeah okay cool
kind of like for me the extension of
what david's saying and
you know I'm one of the people who was
talking that he said that he was talking
to
about what he was saying but like
there are all these kinds of trade-offs
that we're making today you know
what's the simplest thing that we can
implement that you know people will
readily adopt it's kind of the way
that i've been looking at it and so
going like one step simpler as david was
saying and you know introducing new
operations that completely decouple it
from the
transactions even that happen at a
different phase for example
yeah that would be even that would be
even one step further
this would be a real i think a even
this would be a real I think a even
bigger
hindrance to adoption even than you know
what judd was pointing about how
path payments aren't widely adopted
in the ecosystem
but i think the kind of bigger picture
but I think the kind of bigger picture
on doing anything like that is no matter
when we were to like imagine we were to
do what david was posing or anything
else
considerably drastic like that that
would be such a disruptive
change that you know like what would be
the difference if we were to make a
really disruptive change like that now
or if we were to deploy something that
we're ready to deploy now and make a
really disruptive change like that in
six months or in a year or whatever
having something working in the short
run
wouldn't really change my calculus at
least
on making further changes like that that
you know
we'll have this new data we'll have all
this new information about what's good
what's not good
and then we can build a system that's
potentially better in various ways maybe
ways that we don't even realize
now and there's not really anything
stopping us from making those changes
later
yeah and just in case it wasn't clear
like i did end up being sort of
like I did end up being sort of
persuaded
by this argument
so and again like i think that the
so and again like I think that the
fact that cap 37 is the potential
retrofit onto cap 38 again
speaks to the ability of cap 38 to be
like a reasonable first step that's not
overly limiting what we're gonna do
in the future as well so
i mean so it sounds like people are
I mean so it sounds like people are
generally saying okay cap 38
is a reasonable first step forward it's
simpler
it could we could add cap37 to it later
we could
explore possibilities to sort of
deal with arbitrage in various different
ways but it feels like a reasonable
first step forward so that we can
implement it and get moving offering and
then start to gather information
and do it in like a sort of first step
way
that can lead to other things and i mean
that can lead to other things and I mean
it feels like that's what everyone's
saying start simple
implement something now see what happens
know that we can
retrofit things to it later and i
guess my question is
does anyone have a problem with that
approach or does that approach just
generally
make sense
i any questions issues
because i guess then i i just wonder if
because I guess then I just wonder if
we are at the point where it is time to
start to
basically move cap 38 forward
in the process and what that would
look like
again just to like sort of remind people
of the process is that
right now cap 38 is a draft there is a
cap committee all of whom
are on this call who could vote to
approve that draft and if it was
approved
we'd move it into final comment period
people out there anyone would still have
an opportunity to
comment on it during for one week on the
Stellar dev mailing list
and depending on what happens in that
week you know we can move it into
accepted and then start to talk about we
start to work on an implementation with
an eye towards including it in the next
protocol release i mean
protocol release I mean
i guess i i feel like we're at the time
I guess I feel like we're at the time
when it may be time to
just sort of vote on whether or not to
accept cap 38
does anyone object the idea of doing
that is there any blocker
one question i had about cap 38 as if
one question I had about cap 38 as if
things do turn out to be bad
how do we decide in a principled way
this is time to pull the plug or pause
the amm
or something like that i know we have a
or something like that I know we have a
mechanism in the cat to
turn it off but what would be the
trigger for that
i guess bad in what context here
I guess bad in what context here
bad as in like we misjudged
you know the arbitrage or something like
that or bed in the context of like
oh there's a bug because this is
complicated
yeah that's kind of what I'm getting at
like maybe there's a bug that's like
one extreme of bad and then there's sort
of this in-between bird where we have a
lot of arbitrage and horizon is
struggling to read all these failed
transactions but it's sort of okay but
maybe we should turn it off because it
would be better we'll be
there's a possibility of a grey area
where we'd have to think about that
do we normally think about that now or
do we want to think about it
then i think we have the tools for that
then I think we have the tools for that
i think like the
I think like the
talking about the gray this grave thing
is kind of funny because
it's also the the more it's unclear if
it's
bad the harder it's going to get people
to vote
for the change right
so yeah i think it was
so yeah I think it was
it would have to be you know more only
extreme like you know there's like this
security issue or whatever all right
that that basically nobody's going to
disagree with voting for for a change to
fix it like
fixing it short term maybe turn it off
and then of course it would be like turn
around and
you know a new protocol it is
it's just to be clear right if if this
situation unfold like
basically if validators agree to the
protocol change that includes this
cat 38 and then later it turns out that
something is wrong then a step to sort
of undo that
or turn it off that would be up to the
network as well the validators would
also have to vote to accept whatever the
solution was
that's correct right yeah and that's why
like it's the
the less it's a hot you know it's a home
run that it's something
you know good or bad like the harder
it's going to get
be to get actual adoption
i think the the only chance of you know
I think the the only chance of you know
pulling the plug hitting the button
whatever you want to call it
you know getting that level of
unanimity
as nikola was saying would be would
be in the event that like you know there
was an obvious way that people were
going to lose money
you know if we were in that kind of a
situation i think that it would not be
situation I think that it would not be
hard to convince
validators like okay let's let's not
let that happen
i think short of that
person i have a hard time imagining that
person I have a hard time imagining that
people would vote you know
to to turn it off and it'd be more
likely that we'd be in a situation where
we're under some pressure to
make some improvement and release a new
version of the protocol
in a shorter time maybe than otherwise
it's also worth mentioning that we got
the communication channels established
with the validators
and you know time and time again the
validators have proven this out
themselves
you know super responsive and
responsible so
you know if something bad does happen
i believe we can get
I believe we can get
that effort together pretty fast to make
a change
so given all that it seems like we're
landing in a position where we say okay
if something does go wrong
if it's something is clearly wrong then
we can work with the network and we
believe that
the network is full of reasonable
responsive validators
who can help correct who can help sort
of get things back on the rails
not that we're anticipating that to
happen but just like we're really
getting into like the worst case
unhappy path scenario here yeah i
know it's all about setting low
expectations that
we're always happy of the outcome no
but i think eric's concern is
but I think eric's concern is
is actually the same than you know
what people raise right with you know if
you have a lot of arbitrage maybe fees
go up
like more than they should it's annoying
i think it's yeah it's a nuisance and in
I think it's yeah it's a nuisance and in
that case i think we'd have to
that case I think we'd have to
probably like figure out
you know in a more accelerated way like
mitigations for
arbitrage yeah i think that's kind of
arbitrage yeah I think that's kind of
yeah exactly
there's two concerns right one is fees
going up and the other one is that
number of fair transactions spikes in a
way that is very
large and starts to cause us performance
issues and so from my perspective the
risk is
the second one and i want to get ahead
the second one and I want to get ahead
of that so i think my takeaway from this
of that so I think my takeaway from this
is i should
is I should
accelerate plans to deal with that
possibility now
but there is a there is some risk that
this will happen in real time right
but we have a few months and we're
working on this already as you say
and and the thing is that you were
already processing
today like the steady state non-failed
transactions
is over 100 transactions per second
so you know it's already substantial
yeah i mean as the baseline of
yeah I mean as the baseline of
successful transactions goes up
that increases everything for horizon as
we discussed nico but
the number of failed transactions is
potentially unbounded right
in a ledger no it's not it's bounded by
you know
the whatever setting we have right now
it's a thousand
their pleasure yeah they count as part
of the legend limit
yeah so people would have to vote to
increase that which you know they could
do today anyways also let's not forget
that there's
there's an optimistic scenario here
which is that there's a lot of arbitrage
but the amm works really well so the
actual solution is we deprecate the
order book and we just kind of
convince the ecosystem that it's better
not to to place
offers in the order book
an even happier path perhaps people
don't need to be convinced because they
like the the imm so much and they
yeah exactly
right so so one clear thing right we we
know that this proposal would create
amms alongside the order books but
we don't know what that's going to do to
the order books right we just we don't
know yet
yeah yeah yeah john
i think this is one of those like
I think this is one of those like
dynamic analysis type of things it's
it's very very hard to predict i mean
it's very very hard to predict I mean
we're all considering this kind of like
i mean like we're engineers we build
I mean like we're engineers we build
stuff and so we like to consider bad
cases and make sure that we're not going
to end up
in really bad cases as a consequence but
like
one of the things that we're like
perhaps this does increase the amount of
arbitrage i suspect it will at least a
arbitrage I suspect it will at least a
bit
i think it'd be hard to convince
I think it'd be hard to convince
someone that that wouldn't be a
consequence of what we're doing
but like if it were to simultaneously
reduce the amount of
market making on the order book because
people are just
you know populating amms instead
it's it's hard to know which of those
two effects will be bigger
like it wouldn't be that weird to me
it wouldn't be weird to me at all
actually if the total amount of traffic
on the network actually went down as a
consequence of this
like averages lower spikes or higher is
like a totally plausible
outcome
great i mean it feels like eric did that
great I mean it feels like eric did that
sort of address your concerns do you
have more questions
the address is my concern i have one
the address is my concern I have one
other question
following the doomsday trend of all
engineers
what happens if this is wildly
successful and everybody wants to join
stella and join the amm and
Stellar and join the amm and
deposit pull shares and retrieve pool
shares and everything else
have we thought about that i mean it
have we thought about that I mean it
works for unison
i mean we've got a lot of room to run
I mean we've got a lot of room to run
here you know between
us and let's say ethereum but so but i
think that that would just be the
outcomes
please go up right yeah
all right right well or the ledger
limits could go up too right there's
still there's still headroom
that validators have to increase the
capacity of ledgers too
and we'd all be really happy because
this idea would have gained traction and
everyone would love it
i mean i mean if amms are super popular
I mean I mean if amms are super popular
i mean they require way less
I mean they require way less
transactions i think most of the
transactions I think most of the
transactions on the network now are
people adjusting their orders on the
order book so that kind of all goes away
so we have even more room if
in a m world so
any other questions thoughts doomsday
scenarios that we want to play out
are we ready for a vote
i feel like we're ready for a vote and i
I feel like we're ready for a vote and i
kind of just want to do it now live on
this call but
before i do that i'll just get like real
before I do that i'll just get like real
procedural and say does anyone like
object to actually doing a sort of live
vote and what time to think about this
in which case we can conduct the vote
asynchronously over email
yeah cool okay so then i think we should
yeah cool okay so then I think we should
have a vote here to move
cap 38 into final
comment period pending acceptance
again at the end of
there'll be a week for people to sort of
raise questions on the Stellar dev
mailing list and we'll
post this this new status change there
and at the end of that week you know
well we'll see what kind of comes in
depending on what happens at the end of
that week we may move this into accepted
and so you know based on
also if anyone ever wants to check out
this whole procedure you can look
in the github cap repository and it lays
out exactly the life cycle of the cap
and you'll see that there are three
voters and
it requires unanimous consent from all
of them to move the cap into accepted
and so i will it is jed
and so I will it is jed
david and nicolas so let's start with
jed
jen what's your vote yes yes to
accept
okay yeah david what's your vote yeah
i'd like to accept chapter 38
great nikolai what's your vote no
surprise you know I'm kind of
yes yes okay cool so
we have three yeses and that means that
cap 38 moves into
final comment period pending acceptance
i think that's it any other final
I think that's it any other final
comments thoughts
questions that anyone has well does the
group want to provide
some direction on cap 37
like should cap37 now be adjusted to
be layered on top of cap 38
yeah yeah i think that makes sense i
yeah yeah I think that makes sense i
mean i i think
mean I think
I'm not saying that we would implement
this stuff immediately i think part of
this stuff immediately I think part of
it is that we want to see what the
what how things play out like maybe
everyone moves to a m and we don't need
to interleave these things and we can
just skip that complexity but likely
people communities both so it would be
good to have cat 37
be there in case we want to go down that
road so
that would be my take so technically
that means
or procedurally that means cap 37 stays
in draft mode
and may be revisited in order to like
sort of graft it on to cap 38 in the
future
yeah i think there are some changes to
yeah I think there are some changes to
cap 37 that would be worth making
because not all of the
concerns in the in the cap
make sense in light of how cat 38 is
actually implemented
so there's some things that are written
up there as well
right it would require revision ideally
some things get
easier because like the authorization
logic or whatever can be just
you know can pick you back on on cap
and then some things
need to be rethought
there's also feedback there's a few
things like for example cap
i think to get closer to adoption cap 37
I think to get closer to adoption cap 37
should not use floating point because we
like try to avoid floating point because
it's like the arithmetic's not
associated which is kind of annoying
again that easy fix but just like
basically i would encourage cap 37
basically I would encourage cap 37
the you know revision to continue and
and
to try to coexist to try to
have a deployment path or a theoretical
one of how this would work now that
we're trying to move ahead with cap 38.
great sounds like a plan anything else
okay well thanks everyone for coming
thanks for participating thanks everyone
who's watching again we encourage you
to participate as much as you want in
any of these discussions about the
future of the Stellar protocol
there are links to these particular caps
in the event description so you can go
read them to actually see what it is
that we're talking about
and there's also a link to the Stellar
depth mailing list which is where we do
things like notify people about the
changes of status of caps
and it's also where all this
discussion before this meeting happens
about the caps so again it's open
participation we'd love to hear your
thoughts
and we will now move cap 38 into
final comment period pending approval
all right
and that's it thanks everybody
you